you know, you weren't allowed to sort of diagnose
or any sort of abnormalities or anything.
You could spot them and then refer it,
but so it's advanced quite a bit.
But I did enjoy that side of it.
You know, I felt that I got on well with my patients.
In particular, I used to see a lot of children.
So I did have a successful career.
Early on I was made president of the South Wales Amman Optical Association.
And I was quite involved outside of the everyday
sort of working as an optician as well.
I did quite early on have a back problem.
I slipped and had a back problem.
And I was told then that my back was not working.
That my sort of career as an optician could well, you know, come to an end quite early.
So I did do a sort of secondary career alongside that
in that I used to refurbish old properties.
And it really started with I had a practice in Cobridge Road
where I used just the ground floor of this house.
And I converted the upper floor into a flat.
Well, they call them apartments now, but it...
And I really enjoyed doing the drawings and working out the costs and doing the whole of that.
So I went on to do other schemes of that nature alongside my optical business.
And I know it sounds a bit showy-offy, but I actually won a Prince of Wales Award for one of my schemes.
And we were lucky enough to go to the Palace and do a presentation in front of Prince Charles.
Would you like to say a bit more about that? What kind of scheme it was and what it meant to you?
Yeah, it was a derelict building in Caerphilly,
which I converted into units which created a lot of employment.
And, you know, it got quite a reception from the Civic Trust and things of that nature as well
because it was right in the centre of Caerphilly.
So it not only got rid of an eyesore, but created employment for about 25, 30 people.
But it's a bit scary giving a presentation to Prince Charles, but it's quite amazing how knowledgeable he is
and how well he'd been sort of shown about the project. He knew everything about it.
He'd been briefed about it.
Very well briefed, yeah.
Where did you have to do this presentation then?
In St James's Palace.
OK, thank you.
Can we go back to being president of the South Wales and Morne Optical System?
Can you tell me that's an honorary position?
Yes.
What would that involve?